## Component Testing

During the development of the combat director for the enemy AI, a separate level and world was used testing certain scenarios. This was tested on a test project solely devoted to testing certain aspects of our game. In the instance of the combat director, basic dummy pawns were configured with the combat director logic. Once this was set up, the player would then do different actions to trigger certain behaviors in the enemy AI. Examples of this scenarios include the player running away from the enemies or the player standing completely still. These behavior tests were used because they were the most probable and likely behaviors a player will show during the game. Different playstyles were tested to see how the behavior of the enemy will react. These tests were beneficial to our data because it displayed how efficient the combat director was at making in game decisions according to the players behavior. 

Certain abilities were developed and prototyped before being implemented into our project. These abilities include: Buffs, Debuffs, Projectiles, and AoE types of abilities. When initially designing these abilities, they were tested in the previously mentioned test project world. This was done to ensure that certain abilities behaved properly when used in game. This includes particle systems, collision detections, and target selections. To test these abilities another basic pawn object was programmed with the combat director and used as a test dummy. This allowed us to show that certain damages were applied correctly and that certain collisions were properly detected. Different tests were done in which the placement of the player and test enemy were in different locations. This was beneficial because it demonstrated how the abilities behaved when the player was in very close proximity to the enemy or if the player was very far away. 

## System Testing

During the initial development of our main menu, an option for scalability (graphics) was being tested. This setting would essentially allow the player to chose how the game looked when they were playing the levels. To test the performance on the system during these changes, a basic FPS software was used to determine the status of the system. Observations were also made regarding the lighting of the level and how certain abilities looked in the game. This was beneficially because it informed us how certain aspects of the game behaved and looked in different graphic settings. This was useful as well for catching certain bugs that were not noticeable during the normal native graphics setting Unreal Engine has set. 

## Acceptance Testing

We were able to take most of our user stories and implement them in our project. User story 1 wanted to see a challenging platform with room for exploration and we where able to do that with the use of two stories in our level (third story to be implemented soon). User story 1.1 was askign for a jumping puzzle which is one thing we were not able to implement. We had multiple user stoires that asked for a easy to use but effective ui/ability bar which we were able to effectively implement. We were able to make our UI reletively small while still able to have our customizable ability bar, health bar, and mana bar while keeping it no more than 1/8th of the screen in accordance with our accpetance test for UI design. Our ability system was another area that we had a lot of user stories about. We were able to implement an ability system  that met the acceptacne test of user stories 2, 4 and 5. we created an ability system that has at least 6 unique abilities that all have their use in the game. 
